{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1 \deff0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f1\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}
{\f59\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f60\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f62\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f63\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\f64\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f65\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\f66\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f67\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE;}{\f68\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr;}
{\f70\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek;}{\f71\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur;}{\f72\fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Arial (Hebrew);}{\f73\fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Arial (Arabic);}{\f74\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;
\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 
\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext0 Normal;}{\s1\ql \li0\ri0\keepn\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\outlinelevel0\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\f1\fs28\cf2\lang1024\langfe1024\cgrid\noproof\langnp1033\langfenp1033 
\sbasedon0 \snext0 heading 1;}{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}}{\info{\author Robert Leahey}{\operator Robert Leahey}{\creatim\yr2000\mo3\dy25\hr18\min33}{\revtim\yr2000\mo3\dy25\hr18\min36}{\version3}{\edmins3}{\nofpages1}{\nofwords364}
{\nofchars2079}{\*\company Digital Metaphors Corporation}{\nofcharsws2553}{\vern8247}}\paperw12239\margl1619\margr539\margt719\margb719 \widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\hyphcaps0\horzdoc\dghspace120
\dgvspace120\dghorigin1701\dgvorigin1984\dghshow0\dgvshow3\jcompress\viewkind4\viewscale100\nolnhtadjtbl \fet0\sectd \linex0\sectdefaultcl {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang
{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain 
\s1\ql \li0\ri0\keepn\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\outlinelevel0\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\f1\fs28\cf2\lang1024\langfe1024\cgrid\noproof\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {Overview of Features
\par }\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\f1\fs20\lang1024\langfe1024\noproof 
\par }{\b\f1\fs20\lang1024\langfe1024\noproof RAP}{\b\f1\fs20\lang1024\langfe1024\noproof \'99}{\b\f1\fs20\lang1024\langfe1024\noproof  allows you to store code with your reports}{\f1\fs20\lang1024\langfe1024\noproof 
. Until now, ReportBuilder's powerful events have been available only within Delphi. If you wanted to load reports at runtime and retain any event handlers, you had to load the report into a form or
 datamodule which contained correctly named procedures in order to ensure that the loaded report "hooked up" successfully to the event handlers. Now, with RAP, you can code your event handlers within the Calc workspace and then save them as part of the re
port in an RTM file. When you load a report from an RTM or from a database, your event handlers are loaded as well and are already "hooked up".
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\fs20\lang1024\langfe1024\noproof RAP allows your users to create their own calculations with their reports}{\f1\fs20\lang1024\langfe1024\noproof . ReportBuilder's award winning end use
r solution was already powerful, allowing your users to edit or create new reports, but RAP extends the solution by giving end users the ability to code their own event handlers and extended calculations. The Calc workspace is an Object Pascal development
 
environment that is designed for ease of use by non-developers. The Code Explorer offers varied views of the report code module; the Code Editor is a syntax-sensitive Pascal editor; the Code Toolbox serves double duty, providing both a partial list of sup
ported identifiers as well as a drag & drop code creation facility.
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\fs20\lang1024\langfe1024\noproof RAP is scalable}{\f1\fs20\lang1024\langfe1024\noproof 
. ReportBuilder allows you to scale RAP to the needs of your users. The Calc workspace has a great deal of functionality, but your users may not need all of it. You are able
 to limit RAP to those parts you wish to deploy. Using the RAPInterface and RAPOptions properties of the Designer component, you can specify what features to make available to the end user.
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\fs20\lang1024\langfe1024\noproof RAP is a subset of Object Pascal}{\f1\fs20\lang1024\langfe1024\noproof  so you already know Report Application Pascal (RAP) and can easily support your users.
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\fs20\lang1024\langfe1024\noproof RAP is extensible}{\f1\fs20\lang1024\langfe1024\noproof 
. RAP is installed with a large number of standard Delphi functions, Delphi objects and RCL (Report Component Library) objects already registered with the compiler and Code Toolbox. H
owever, if you wish to register your own functions or objects, it is an easy process. Thus you can build a library of pass-through functions to deploy with your report applications. 
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\fs20\lang1024\langfe1024\noproof RAP provides a simple, intuitive Pascal development environment}{\f1\fs20\lang1024\langfe1024\noproof . While y
ou can use the Calc tab to add code to your reports, it is also made for the end user who may or may not have any experience in development environments. See the Calc workspace for information about the IDE.}{\f1\fs20 
\par }}